fix(logs): Buffer size limit (#16116)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/sdk/telemetry/logs.mdx

SDKs **MUST** buffer logs before sending them. SDKs should keep a buffer of logs and flush it when specific conditions are met. For initial implementation, a simple strategy is fine, for example: flushing logs if the buffer length exceeds 100 items or if 5 seconds have passed. To prevent data loss, the buffer SHOULD forward logs to the transport in the scenarios outlined in the [telemetry buffer data forwarding scenarios](/sdk/telemetry/telemetry-buffer/#data-forwarding-scenarios).

> SDKs **MUST** have a hard limit of 1000 log events queued up to avoid causing your customers' applications going out of memory. Logs added once this hard limit has been reached are dropped. SDKs **MAY** use lower values, but they **MUST NOT** exceed 1000. Relay is optimized for up to 100 logs per envelope. SDKs **MUST NOT** send more than 100 logs per envelope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relay is optimized for up to 100 logs per envelope. SDKs **MUST NOT** send more than 100 logs per envelope.

To prevent out-of-memory issues in customer applications, SDKs **MUST** enforce a hard limit of 1000 queued log events. Any logs added beyond this limit are dropped. SDKs **MAY** use a lower limit but **MUST NOT** exceed 1000.
```
